geoadd command add CH/NX/XX option (#1474)
redis/redis-doc: commands/geoadd.md

Adds the specified geospatial items (latitude, longitude, name) to the specified
key.
Data is stored into the key as a sorted set, in a way that makes it possible
to later retrieve items using a query by radius with the `GEORADIUS` or

> `GEORADIUSBYMEMBER` commands, or use `GEOSEARCH` searching within rectangular

Reviewer: @itamarhaber do you think considering we're "deprecating" GEORADIUS* maybe we should only mention GEOSEARCH here? (which has references to GEORADIUS)

areas.

The command takes arguments in the standard format x,y so the longitude must be
specified before the latitude.
There are limits to the coordinates that can be indexed: areas very near to the
poles are not indexable.
The exact limits, as specified by EPSG:900913 / EPSG:3785 / OSGEO:41001 are the

> following:

Reviewer: @kukey why did you re-format this (and other blocks in this file)?
it's hard to see if there any real changes.

Author: I use make, it`s auto re-format. I was suspicious at that time.

Author: I fix and revert the format to the old version. Thanks!

Author: sorry, i use rake format:cached comamnd due to this file format changed.

* Valid longitudes are from -180 to 180 degrees.
* Valid latitudes are from -85.05112878 to 85.05112878 degrees.

The command will report an error when the user attempts to index coordinates
outside the specified ranges.

**Note:** there is no **GEODEL** command because you can use `ZREM` in order to
remove elements.
The Geo index structure is just a sorted set.

## GEOADD options

GEOADD supports a list of options, specified after the name of the key and
before the first longitude argument.
Options are:

* **XX**: Only update elements that already exist.
  Never add elements.
* **NX**: Don't update already existing elements.
  Always add new elements.
* **CH**: Modify the return value from the number of new elements added, to the
  total number of elements changed (CH is an abbreviation of _changed_).
  Changed elements are **new elements added** and elements already existing for
  which **the score was updated**.

>   So elements specified in the command line having the same score as they had in

Reviewer: the reference to "score" here is invalid. should be "coordinates"?

Author: yeah, thanks

> * The number of elements added to the sorted set, not including elements
>   already existing for which the score was updated.
>   When use `CH` option, will return the number of elements added+updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When used without optional arguments, the number of elements added to the sorted set excluding existing elements whose scores were updated.
* If the `CH` option is specified, the sum of elements added and updated by the operation.
```
